# STAT 545A: Mini Data-Analysis

**Author**: Nicola Rammell\
**Contact**: rammell@student.ubc.ca

The University of British Columbia\
Fall 2023

## About the project

Welcome! This is a repository that contains all files as required for UBC's STAT545A Mini Data-Analysis. This is an individual project completed in the first half of Fall Term as part of STAT545A: Exploratory Data Analysis I. In this project, I use `dplyr` and the `tidyverse` to explore the [Vancouver Street Tree Dataset](https://opendata.vancouver.ca/explore/dataset/street-trees/information/?disjunctive.species_name&disjunctive.common_name&disjunctive.on_street&disjunctive.neighbourhood_name) from the Open Data Portal, City of Vancouver, British Columbia. This data is accessed from the `datateachr` package.

## File structure

This repository contains 3 high level folders: [Milestone 1](https://github.com/stat545ubc-2023/mda-nicolarammell/tree/main/Milestone%201), [Milestone 2](https://github.com/stat545ubc-2023/mda-nicolarammell/tree/main/Milestone%202), and [output](https://github.com/stat545ubc-2023/mda-nicolarammell/tree/main/output). Each of the Milestone folders contain a deliverable for this project including source code (.Rmd file), while the output folder contains outputs generated by the source code. Each R Markdown (.Rmd) file is accompanied by a knitted Markdown (.md) file that can be easily viewed online. 

## How to engage

To view the deliverables online, simply click on the Markdown files. To download a copy of the project, click Download ZIP and open the files using R/RStudio. To clone/collaborate on the project:

1.  Click the `< > Code` button in the upper right-hand corner.

2.  Copy the HTTPS address.

3.  Open R/RStudio and create a new project using Version Control -\> Git (clone a project from a Git repository) -\> paste repository URL and save your local copy to a folder on your computer.

4.  Now that you're all set up, create your own branch and collaborate with me on the project!

🌲🌳🌲🌳🌲
